Melt windows fix (#137)
Cambridge-ICCS/FTorch: pages/troubleshooting.md

These can be adjusted using the `requires_grad` and `is_training` optional arguments
in the Fortran interface. See the [API procedures documentation](lists/procedures.html)
for details.

### How do I compile an int64 version of `ftorch` for large tensors?

If your code uses large tensors (where large means more elements, in at least 1
dimension, than the maximum size of a 32-bit integer (2,147,483,647)) you may
need to compile `ftorch` with 64-bit integers. If you do not, you may receive a
compile time error like the following:
```
   39 |   call torch_tensor_from_array(tensor, in_data, tensor_layout, torch_kCPU)
      |                                                                          1
Error: There is no specific subroutine for the generic ‘torch_tensor_from_array’ at (1)
```

To fix this, we can build ftorch with 64-bit integers. We need to modify this
line in `src/ftorch.fypp`
```fortran
integer, parameter :: ftorch_int = int32 ! set integer size for FTorch library
```

We can use 64-bit integers by changing the above line to this
```fortran
integer, parameter :: ftorch_int = int64 ! set integer size for FTorch library
```

> Finally, you will need to run `fypp` e.g.,

Reviewer: I guess users may also need to install this because it isn't in the set of minimal requirements.

Author: resolved https://github.com/Cambridge-ICCS/FTorch/pull/137/commits/5cdfe22df277c84b410914ea4df4171c0cecc9df

```bash

> fypp src/ftorch.fypp > src/ftorch.F90

Reviewer: Not important but FYI this also works without the `>`.

Author: Thanks @jwallwork23 TIL.

Author: changed to your version... it saves 1 character :wink: https://github.com/Cambridge-ICCS/FTorch/pull/137/commits/5cdfe22df277c84b410914ea4df4171c0cecc9df

These can be adjusted using the `requires_grad` and `is_training` optional arguments
in the Fortran interface. See the [API procedures documentation](lists/procedures.html)
for details.

### How do I compile an int64 version of `ftorch` for large tensors?

> If your code uses large tensors (where large means more elements, in at least 1
> dimension, than the maximum size of a 32-bit integer (2,147,483,647)) you may
> need to compile `ftorch` with 64-bit integers. If you do not, you may receive a
> compile time error like the following:

Reviewer 2: Add small explanation as to why we made the decision.
```suggestion
Currently FTorch represents the number of elements in an array dimension using
32-bit integers. For most users this will be more than enough, but if your code
uses large tensors (where large means more than 2,147,483,647 elements
in any one dimension (the maximum value of a 32-bit integer)), you may you may
need to compile `ftorch` with 64-bit integers. If you do not, you may receive a
compile time error like the following:
```
